
Well it seems like a great day, I am enthusiastic about it. I am looking forward to it, so much expected today. First up I have a meeting with my lecturers, still not aware of the actual agenda. After that I am heading to the clinic to get some things done, after that I'd be exhausted, guess I will head straigh home. Also I am looking forward to that money I am expecting, I have to get myself a new laptop bag and a pair of some cool earphones. Great Day to myself, wish myself all the success... ...Record of: Fri Jun 14 04:06:05 2019

Day 2 using daily update txt file. Well it's been a crazy 24hrs I must say. I have been sleeping for the most part of it, well because I'm not feeling too well but I'd be fine. I think I'm gonna spend most of my time during this crazy time reading, watching videos and also coding obviously. I'm guessing i'd be bunking school more often but I hope not. Cheers ...Record of: Sat Jun 15 20:16:47 2019

I am reminded as I put up this update that yesterday there was no update, well that is the case, I was exhausted like totally drained. I haven't been up to much. Yesterday morning till early afternoon I was in a seminar called "The Winner's Circle" led by a young driven lady by the name of Samkeliso Tshuma, it was WOW, I learnt a lot, it was really awesome. She shed some light on her life experiences and how she's overcome some of life's toughest tests and challenges. It was just beautiful. After that seminar I was in the library still caught up in sorting the Bitcoin data I have been working on, well it is a lot of work, the whole file must be around 2000 lines and I have to sort it perfectly in .csv format, wish I had a assistant lol. It's early in the morning and a new a day and I am still working on the data, well I am sure I'd be done in the next 3hrs or so then yippee. After that I will begin my data visualization quest with Python using this data I have assembled. It's a Good Day, All the best to myself and all that I get up to. ...Record of: Tue Jun 18 04:20:31 2019

I finished cleaning the bitcoin data to a readable .csv file now I am using that data for more cooler stuff i.e Data Visualisation with Python, I am using Pandas and Matplotlib as libraries for this kind of stuff. However I am not having much success, the visualisation process is proving a pain. It's not easy I must admit. Although I believe I will prevail at the end. Catch up Later ...Record of: Wed Jun 19 20:10:54 2019

I was with Prince The Developer yesterday, he showed me some of his current projects he's working on. It's really cool stuff he's doing. It makes me wonder 'when am I gonna get there?'. Besides showing me his work, we talked and I have learnt lot I must say with regards to DevOps, which in short is a process where Developement meets Operation. I need to get started right away on learning it as well. I really learnt a lot of new stuff, I know about CircleCi, Continous Integration, ServerLess, Virtual Computing and more. ...Record of: Wed Jun 19 20:34:30 2019

I also got to walk with Eulene, such a fun soul and very open and just free. ...Record of: Wed Jun 19 20:36:12 2019

On my way to the train station I also got to meet my lovely friend Nozie, wow i keep bumping into this chic, this is a sign for something I'm beginning to think. She looks as beautiful as ever of course, still slim with her hourglass figure, c'mon I couldn't miss seeing that obviously :). We talked for about 5 minutes or so, it was just great you know. ...Record of: Wed Jun 19 20:40:02 2019

It's been a hell of a ride lately, I have been up and about, I have lost track of time, I have been busy doing this and that, you know I won't talk about it but hopefully I will get to brag about it soon. A lot of stuff has happened lately, it's tough to survive, it's tough living but then again we don't have much of a choice. do we? We got to survive whether we want or not. Why is life tough, I wonder? I have no idea why but I pray it's all worth it in the end. A good day to myself, wish you a productive day... ...Record of: Thu Jun 27 03:35:57 2019

I am under immense pressure, lot of work waiting on me but don't know where to even begin. It's a nightmare if you ask me, hell of a nightmare, but I believe I will triumph at the end, no matter what, watch this space. I just need to get my focus on point then I am all setup.By the way I am running this file for the first time on Linux Mint 19.1, damn it's compatible without having to edit anything, I am awesome like that. Am at the library with two of the people I like, not like like but yeah you get the sense, I am kinda not sure how I should do this, like where to sit and all. Lol funny huh, it's a mad house. So yeah that's it for today I should get started on those tasks I don't have  much time on my side. Ciao ...Record of: Tue Jul  2 14:58:41 2019

I know I haven't posted anything in a long time. Well the truth is I've been busy, of course with code. I have been up on a lot, sleeping very little(a averaga day, it's been crazy, trust me. Well I don't have much of an update except that I have been busy with this and that. Oh almost forgot to mention this, I think July has been the best month for me at a personal level, I have created sustainable relationships with really bright individuals. List of friends I have made include Zandile Lavender, Nandipa, Phumzile, Ntobeko, Clifton, Shingai, Eric, Natasha, Proud and more. I really grew this month and I am so grateful for all this kind of growth. I am praying all my days stay that way... ...Record of: Thu Jul 25 13:10:21 2019

As always i have a number of excuses for being away for so long and not updating this file. Well, as you know I am always and I often forget about this file, maybe I should do an automated reminder so I update this file without missing any days. Today's update is it's the 5th of August and I am opening schools but I will be skipping classes and opt for the library instead, where I am typing this from by the way, it's no secret I am a nerd and libraries are my fortress. Alright let me get back to what I was doing. Oh before I go, this is the last week I believe for the Computer Science and Python Bootcamp with Eric Khumalo, although I'd have to first finish all the labs and projects I have before I finally call it over. After this I'm gonna be relly exceptionally na d I aim to be. Watch this space... ...Record of: Mon Aug  5 11:34:43 2019

